---
id: o84koxfshljqyjrp3s3afwi
title: 2021 03 09
desc: ''
updated: 1670614238136
created: 1670614238136
Date: '2021-03-09T00:00:00.000Z'
Time: '10:00'
Subject: TGA Guidelines Revisions
Attendees:
  - Brenna McNabb
---


# Minutes
2. No need for a 5% threshold for contacting PRB when mass loss or water content differs from the submission sheet. This sheet is an estimate by companies and not constructed by scientific staff. Brenna encourages AP to use whatever values they are confident about based on the TGA data and CSF provided for a product. Brenna only needs us to reach out if it seems likely based on the information provided that the submitted data is for a product other than the one evaluated. 
3. Brenna is uncertain about the directly measured water values. She believes that we will need to update the external guidelines to lay out a set of standards for what sort of documentation and process is acceptable for measured water content. Currently, it is understood that the CSF is an acceptable standard for chemistry information used by AP. We should continue to rely on the CSF until such time as we decide we want directly measured water content. 
4. The meaning of trackid changes over time. It used to be the case that trackid was updated after data was rejected. Brenna decided it made more sense to use the same trackid as the rejected data for resubmitted data. Trackid is permanent whereas product name, regno, and AI can call change. In this way, trackid can be used to show final product information. The combination of trackid and docno always link back to a specific evaluation, regardless of the changing meaning of trackid. 
# Updates

# Points for Further Discussion

# Tasks
1. Send Brenna a link to guidelines when completed.
2. See the really long email Brenna sent us. 

