---
Date: "2021-02-20"
Time: "09:10"
Subject: "TGA Guidelines Revisions"
Attendees: 
  - "Maziar Kandelous"
  - "Rosemary Uyeda"
  - "Minh Pham"
---

# Minutes
We need to decide on procedures for various types of issues encountered when evaluating thermograms. ^dcb490

1. Annotations:
    1. *All stability periods and holding periods and min/max run times must comply with normal time limits set out in the guidelines.*
    2. No or invalid annotations:
        1. [x] Check stability over last 20 minutes; final point on thermogram
            1. If unstable over 20 minutes, check stability during the last 5 minutes. If so, project it out 15 minutes.
        2. Or, stable over last 5 miutes; final point on thermogram
            1. This is what Maziar and Minh originally approved; however, it does open the possibility that registrants can claim the end of their 5-minute stabilization period as their final mass by simply truncating their data.
    3. Stable 5-minute annotation (two points) 
        1. Final mass is 15 minutes later if no subsequent annotation is given, projecting if needed. If an annotation is given more than 15 mintues later, use that annotation instead of projecting.
    4. 15-minute annotation (two points) or final mass annotation
        1. Check stability over 5-minute period ending at the start of 15-minute annotation or starting 20 minutes before the end of the final mass annotation
2. Axes
    1. Start mass is not 100% and start time is not 0 minutes
        1. Fail thermogram.
    2. Starting mass is not 100% (and start time is 0 minutes)
        1. If >= 95%, calculate mass loss as 100% minus final mass.     
        2. Otherwise, fail thermogram.
    3. Start time is not 0 minutes (and start mass is 100%)
        1. If <= 5 minutes, modify x-axis such that first thermogram point occurs at 0 min. 
        2. Otherwise, fail thermogram.
3. Starting sample mass
    1. Minh advised continuing case-by-case basis for approval of irregular sample mass. Maziar asked if there were flexible boundaries of deviation around the required sample mass. Minh and I pointed out that we already have flexible boundaries, and those are what we have been flaunting. At that point, Minh conceded that we should probably hold people to the flexible boundaries of at least two samples within 9-11 mg and one within 8-12 mg. 
    2. TL;DR Nothing changes in the guidelines. Fail submissions that don't meet requirements for initial sample mass.
# Updates
# Points for Further Discussion
Brenna McNabb:
1. Components of EP
    1. If the final mass annotation or staff estimate differs by more than 5% from the submission sheet, notify Brenna. She can reach out to the registrant to ask whether there was a mistake in the submission. If within 5%, use the higher value.       
        1. Registrant may have submitted the wrong submission sheet or data. 
        2. Because water and exempt estimates from CSF may vary substantially, we don't necessarily want to contact registrants if EP differs by 5%. 
    2. Water is still gleaned from direct measurements provided to us or estimated by us from the CSF. Exempts are only quantified from CSF.
        1. If estimated by us, compare to claimed value. Use the lower value. The registrant can provide additional evidence of claimed water content to raise their water content. 
        2. If submission sheet does not match directly measured water content, notify Brenna McNabb.
# Tasks
- [x] Update TGA guidelines based on meeting notes.
- [x] Add thermograms in H:/ to guidelines.
- [x] Schedule phone call with Brenna for poitns of discussion.